Use spack-stack modulefiles (#56)
noaa-oar-arl/NEXUS: README.md

#### Ubuntu

> See https://github.com/zmoon/gha-esmf for examples of how to build ESMF,

Author: Migrated
```suggestion
See https://github.com/noaa-oar-arl/gha-esmf for examples of how to build ESMF,
```
